bye
I'm a little nervous but we're really
excited and we've had a great time so
far so I don't know I mean we're excited
for the next year next four years i
should say i'm excited like so far i've
been up liking it a lot I'm kind of a
little nervous though homesick but I
mean not yet I've been home to get I'm
scared though but I like it a lot
honestly it's very exciting you know
it's like a whole new experience I
wasn't expecting half the stuff I came
here to it's a little nervous first
coming here but once you start to meet
some friends and get together go out see
the community of Basra and it's good you
feel like you're at home now and you
feel like you know everybody I'm so
excited i went to a program before
school actually started the discovery
program it was like a community service
program and i met a lot of really nice
people and so I'm not nervous at all i'm
really excited
definitely a little worried but like I'm
definitely ready to break from high
school you know start to you know
experience the all new things new people
you know starts you know work towards
you know my goals
it's great there's so much energy eyelid
the club there's been awesome there's so
many things that I want to join and get
involved with and as far as coming to
mobster I'm from Colorado so it's great
I really like it so far
fun i've been here since sunday at the
discovery program we did a lot of
community service projects and such and
now i'm out here joining SGA called the
joining a fraternity and then just
joining a couple of clubs getting
involved in Hofstra community it's fun
it's so exciting to be a college I mean
it's such a different world already I've
met so many different people and I feel
like it's just gonna be a great
experience so many different things to
do now it's been great everyone's really
friendly the campus is beautiful I'm
having a great time